now last but not least were over at WMS
gaming they've got a great new world
poker game as well you're gonna tell us
a little bit about it this one is
actually sponsored by the World Series
of Poker this is a different
organization than the World Poker Tour
okay the folk on ESPN and the other the
other networks know which is which
but it's poker game okay world series of
poker by WMS you play the normal game
down here all right so it's your regular
poker hand and at the end of the hand
you get bonus cards when these bonus
cards turn into a high pair good things
happen when there's an eight on one of
these whatever is for you win gets
tripled
so we're going to play a few hands to
see if we can get up to the bonus
naturally otherwise we will gap it you
get the bonus approximately one time in
45 so we are pushing the max bent to fit
max max and here though we're gonna hold
the two pair and so we're gonna at least
get double our money back since these
jacks or better if we get another king
or queen back we're going to get a full
house we got an ace ace high two parents
we got this is not a high pair so we do
not get to the bonus round all right Bob
your magic fingers have gotten us to a
bonus round we've got a couple jacks
here what do we do next
all right the way we got to the bonus
round is we either got a pair of jacks
pair of Queens pair and we use our
prayer vase
to enter so we got that okay so now we
have to choose to play Texas Holdem
again push the red little guy over here
not so bad though we have a choice
between playing these guitars right or
push the reveal button detailing with
noun 1 paired X is the fourth-best hand
after a pair of aces and kings of clean
obviously we're going to take it ok so
we keep our chance he got us a 6 and a 7
here's the turn so all the better to
pair wins the hand he got survived in
advance did we raise we want mu now
we're moving up to the aim here nines is
it good now over here it says you can
either play a reed deal what do we want
to so we're definitely going to play a
paradise is a good hand I would trust
this justice it would give you
approximately a pixie frequency hands a
meeting in into any individual opponent
on the first round where you're usually
come in with a pair of jacks are higher
closer to 80% 80% that's a good the
religion we're going to be whole bottle
cap to go all the way in the top and get
feet nine times so we're gonna play on
the key to lose this one great one again
and the neck so we're going to move up
the next letter I was gonna get a
hundred twenty-five points out so this
is our
we have new players new players and
they're all one at a time we have to
beat them all but only will compete one
at a time Wars is slightly better than
average hands which has the play
although this is not as strong as we had
before he could get it straight he's got
a pair of five and we got a pair of
angry kids it done he's got a pet two
pair we only have one on average you get
about this high all the way to the top
what does it take why do you have to
beat nine different times nine times and
can you do it well it's it's a
considerable amount of luck you need a
60% chance every time all right Bob
you're clearly the expert you've shown
us some great video poker games by some
of the major manufacturers igt valley
dam union system for over here at WMS
with a great new world series for craft
now what if a couple tips that maybe the
people at home to take with them some of
the bob dancer knows is the best way to
win okay first thing is to do your
homework before you get to the casino
you read the books to practice on
computer books I've written shares guys
you can find them at Bob dance or calm
okay that way you know what you're
looking for when you get into a casino
all right so do your homework read up on
the games read up on how to play the
games and maybe computer programming
without those help imputed programs
helped a lot they correct you when
you're wrong they will tell you that
you're missing an inside straight which
is which is holdable in many games not
all and you may not have considered
holding inside safe other before that
all right so if you think a going to the
casinos good way to not do your homework
you're wrong you got to do your homework
what about on the machine itself so
something I can look at a little bit a
schedule this one in particular is the
75 jacks or better somewhere in the rank
of good bad and ugly this is worse than
ugly
you know what worse than ugly that's now
that doesn't mean that WMS pay schedules
are worse than ugly that means WMS has a
whole bunch of pay schedules between 92
94 96 98 100 right and then slot
director can pick the one that he wants
it is casino they pick good ones and
they pick bad words so once you learn
what the games are pick the good ones
that's one of the bad ones
so homework preparation look at the
machine itself check the pay schedules
figure out what siping a good on what
about something a little more personal a
little more bobbed answer is but this is
philosophical or maybe theological is
the better word part right when you get
four cards to Royal ace king queen Jack
of Hearts yeah it is typical to call
your neighbors over saying hey look it
is my turn right come around look what's
gonna happen you say a prayer oh that is
very common in Las Vegas and we tell
people that there's a difference between
Frank and a casino and praying in church
really with that difference be the
difference is when you pray in a casino
you really really mean it Bob
on that note that's terrific and Bob
dancer Bob dancer calm who's an expert
on video poker
I'm Jeff both the players Network I've
learned a lot about poker I'm a teach me
this prayer you speak up we've seen a
little bit
you